# Absinthe Core Meeting, 2019-04-17

## Attendees

- Ben Wilson, [@benwilson512](https://github.com/benwilson512)
- Bruce Williams, [@bruce](https://github.com/bruce)
- Vince Foley, [@binaryseed](https://github.com/binaryseed)

Unable to Attend:

- Christian Meunier, [@tlvenn](https://github.com/tlvenn)
- Mauro Gabriel Titimoli, [@mgtitimoli](https://github.com/mgtitimoli)

## Topics

### Welcome, Vince!

We'd like to welcome Vince Foley to the team. Vince has been
key to New Relic's adoption of Absinthe and has worked with
his team to substantially extend it (to support schema stitching,
monitoring, etc). He's been an active contributor for quite some
time, and we're happy to have someone of his experience on-board
to help us design and build the next set of major changes.

### State of v1.5

Work on v1.5 has slowed somewhat due to various factors (primarily
availability/exhaustion of Bruce & Ben), but we're recovering and
the team is working through a plan to get us over the finish line,
to include:

- Triaging/assigning PRs and issues.
- Closing stale issues that have already been addressed by v1.5.
- Expanding the test suite to support rebuilding each schema via
  SDL (to gain confidence that our SDL schema definition pipeline
  in on-par with the macro-based schema definition pipeline).
- Aggressively de-scoping larger change that make more sense in v1.6.
  v1.5's focus in the complete revamp of the schema definition
  foundation, enabling greater flexibility and extensibility
  to users. v1.6 will focus on officially shipping key uses of those
  new capabilities (e.g., schema stitching, @defer). We intend to do
  an initial alpha v1.6 as soon as possible after v1.5 stable ships.
- Creation of the v1.5 and v1.6 milestones to clearly define what's
  in and what's not.

We've been very happy to see how well v1.5 is working for people
so far, especially in terms of performance improvements. We apologize
that we haven't been able to put in as much time as we'd have liked
to wrap v1.5 up earlier, but expect to see an uptick of activity in the coming
weeks.

We know people _especially_ want schema stitching; don't be disappointed
too much by it being pushed to v1.6, as this is just a release management
decision and doesn't really have any bearing on our timeline to complete.
We'd rather have people using and extending v1.5 as soon as possible than wait
until schema stitching is done "right," and we don't want to rush schema
stitching out the door prematurely. 

### Next Meeting

TBA; likely in 1â€“2 weeks. We will try to schedule something so that
Christian and Mauro have an easier time attending (challenging
timezone differences).